---
description: Script Mode & Variables
---

# 1.03



{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Objectives" %}
* Define and identify: interpreter, string, integer, float, value, errors, console, expression
* Use the Python interpreter to evaluate simple math expressions
* Distinguish between an integer, float, and string

#### Key Terms

* IDE
* Python
* Intrepeter
* String
* Integer
* Float
* Value
* Errors
* console
* Expression
* Script
* Print
* Run
* output
* Variable
* Script Mode
* Interactive Mode
* Comments
* Storing
* Mutability
* Variable Assignment
* Input
* Debugging
* Syntax
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Lesson.md" %}
### Lesson 1.01: Set Up - Student Directions

Please copy the below into the `instructions.md file`

#### Learning Objectives

Students will be able to...

* Define and identify: **IDE**, **Python**.
* Identify the key concepts that will be covered in the course.
* Save and turn in a file.

#### Python/IDE Intro

**Introduce Python**

* **Python** is a text-based programming language, uses tabbing/indentation to control execution, and is known for its readability.
* _**Look**_ at this example of a Python program. Make 3 observations about the program.

```python
print("hello world")

def my_function(name):
    print("hello world, " + name)

my_function("Susan")
```

* Discuss your observations with a classmate
* Record your observations as a comment in `main.py`

**Comments**

```python
#This is a comment.
#The IDE or console will -not- run this as part of the program

print('This is not a comment. This will show and be run as Python code.')
```

**IDE - Integrated Development Environment**

* An **IDE** is an application that allows you to create, edit, save, and run programs.
* Note that with Python, we can't use drag and drop blocks anymore - it is a language that must be typed into an IDE.
* Identify the different parts of the Replit IDE

#### Activity

* Copy the program code from Python/IDE Intro above into the IDE (the left side)
* Run the program (press _Run_ at the top)
* What do you think happened?
* Record your answer as a comment
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="main.py" %}
```python
### 1.01 Python IDE Intro ###
### Record your observations below as comment(s)
# 1.
# 2.
# 3. 

### Activity ###
### Follow the instructions and copy the Python program below. 
# Record your answer to the discusion question here.

### BEGIN CODE COPY ###

### END ###
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
